hi easyhome.nl celebrates its birthday yannick four
party with you my dear visitors and
viewers I have seven competitions
arranged for you from this afternoon
will come online every few days
I start my retirement title said oh my
number of products sent on to on again
to show you what must already
buy in the webshop in a bit with your
online
another four years of newspaper become a jury too
and I can certainly pay 25 euros this afternoon
give away so don't go below I say
join
but do that this afternoon at three o'clock
the article is online then you can
there are only a few conditions
I am obliged to do very little for that
so i would really like it if you
would participate
I have some very nice ones again
I received the packages
looked inside I do n't know what in it
sit
was not was a way I am
here last it puts are your six
packages
and I will start with this following one
very heavy it looks in their cute
and kids and I am so nice offers for
bijoux
I'll keep the links under you giving it
is really nice webshop must really
very nice affordable jewelry and they
also simply give details in the
packaging because that's how you get a product
cross and very often find something extra it
I really very neat
how very cool very big a statement
chain
also tree look show as i stopped as
you are completely in black
for example we go to business appointment
or you have dinner in the evening or you
go to your cheaters everything is me
really liked it or got used to it like that
a lot of shine in silver that I often have
no help and we have a pastel
package
again a statement necklace very
nice to wear more portable I think or know
certainly
This is very easy for you, my team
you still do and we are going to be 10 am
very cool hair of which a little rosé
gold with green yes this smooth chain that
I just really do our best and
then indeed the team go wonderfully
nice really very nice we go on to
a pink with silver package oh not
really very cute really very young
beauty blogger like
I do not at all i think
really
it is terrible but it is good to say
I don't think I really like it
that many girls this postma anyway
is anyway very much and I already have
lots of fun with frogs on it
in
well of all this the idea really
super nice I'm going to save it anyway
to hang prominently on the mirror and
red andel silver items
I watch horns silver bracelet
very nice to type of icicle earrings
I really like this a bit bigger than
that I am used to
but I really like this in one
ring
very cool I became a bracelet
what a tardis it is really nice
anyway nice go to the purple one one
last between black ensemble
then will on and look a very large black
restore a little green anyway i used to
very much in actually not being anymore
very much but I like it a lot
that i like to get on the
Conquet you are going to wear a little and then
a black with gold and diamond-like
bracelet
I also have something here in this version
bigger in you with red you can when you mine
see the previous video
sam for radio, by the way
mutual benefit from beautifull pension
the first time i met him
work and I have you to area
can see with you
earrings I will other it would look like
get it
very cute bows really nice
these things never have anyone
does not mean that I am not very nice
find and i buy it then serves but am
glad that I have it now and this is
something I could do in it
very nice since super cute
of course
and let's go one last and blue
and this is a gold copy that
between quotation marks and boys
of course not really achieved with now
men you understand that
a chain with an infinity 'eat finch
subtle chains will be very nice
its really those things that you can do
makes an outfit that little bit more complete
we are going to have earrings with diamonds
very curious how they would look at that
do not buy yourself very quickly and a whole one
had treasures
ring is that he I do like these
things for when you have several with
combine
really super nice i really like the items
very cool these are all new items
in a shop generally the
understood
now the football show and thank you very much
send here for these things
I hope you enjoyed it
know what criticism of retirement so
I hope you happen to like
think I have a giveaway with them
settled this afternoon at three o'clock
back if you want to participate and you can
win at least 25 euros
feeling for this now thank you very much
for looking i really hope you like it
liked it and under few days come there
so new giveaways have gone out to me
yet